CASE FOR PROMOTION
Promotion Period	July 2024
Name	Keval Kapdee
Current Level	C1
Target Level	C3
Examples of Value
Customer
Designed and implemented the Lowden-AWS data pipeline in Phase 1, creating well-scoped tickets as needed and delegating some to other team members. 
Implemented 2 reusable Terraform modules on TP that aided us and the client in numerous migrations afterwards.
On Lowden; Consistently taken feedback from clients and made changes to cater to their preferences. 
E.g. Tweaking the way a form displayed a loading symbol and when. 
Also, found and fixed numerous bugs proactively before shipping builds to the client such as loading orders, buggy fields etc.
Excellence
Consistently pushed for the more maintainable and re-usable repository and CI/CD structure on TP. Despite initial push-back, my approach was eventually adopted as the standard. 
Identified common components of CI/CD pipelines on TP. Designed and implemented common repositories for each component and integrated them into all the other pipelines. 
On Lowden, designed and implemented a secure, and simple way to connect with and acquire data from the Lowden on-site DB. 
Utilised low-level networking configurations to forward requests from Lambda, over a VPC and EC2 instance which connected to Lowden via a Zerotier VPN.
Innovation
Used the GitLab Terraform State storage on TP which the client preferred. 
Having never used it before, learned about the product and dove head-first into implementing the Terraform projects with it with no fear of failure. 
Even produced templates and common Docker images to aid in using it.
Always staying up to date on AWS and other technologies, e.g. I pointed out future GitLab features at TP that could be used to improve the systems and processes.
Speed
Raised future problems during Lowden data pipeline shift (such as non-standard database keys) and communicated why and how they would occur; Attempted to find a solution that would mitigate issues. 
On Lowden, unblocked frontend work by quickly implementing the solution to fetch data from their database.
Delivered required features and data transfer on Lowden after Ubloquity threw a spanner in the works by taking over the data pipeline. 
Communicated with Ubloquity to ensure that when we finally got the data, nothing was going to break.
Delivered the first 4 pilot migrations on TP successfully in just 3 months, having also built a framework and repeatable procedures for future migrations.
Teamwork
Multiple instances of pairing on problems with co-workers and client engineers e.g. TP where I paired with Martin, Richard, Vanessa and Hiren. Simultaneously delivering my own work. 
Went out of my way to help the TP team with a CI/CD problem after having left the project; Simultaneously delivering all the features required on Lowden. 
Upon leaving TP, performed a knowledge transfer with Karthik (see feedback) in order to get him up to speed with my areas of work. 
This provided the client with a seamless transition from me to him and allowed him to immediately pick up from where I left off.
Improved my team decision making after TP which was mentioned in feedback. During Lowden I have consistently confirmed my findings and proposed solutions with team-mates, thus avoiding potential future problems.
Feedback 
Phil White (Lowden Guitars)
Keval has been instrumental in the development of the Lowden app. His technical expertise and dedication have significantly advanced our progress. Notably, Keval has:
•	Demonstrated multiple problem-solving skills, most noticeable with the issues around the connectivity between filemaker and yourselves and adjusting the API to work 
•	Shown a high level of initiative, often going above and beyond to ensure that project stays on track. this includes jumping on video calls on the fly to ensure all is understood on our end.
•	Collaborated effectively with myself and Georgi to make sure that the work load is spread well and problems are being solved effectively so time is not wasted.
Looking ahead, I believe Keval’s continued growth will further solidify his role as a key contributor to the project’s success. I for one would not have been able to assist as much as I have without his assistance, and look forward to working with him further into development.
Karthik
I am referring to the time when Keval assisted me on one of my tasks in the Travis Perkins project - when I needed guidance and debugging support while building a GitLab CI/CD pipeline.
Keval is super knowledgeable, and I enjoy hearing him think out loud and discuss - because there is so much to learn from the knowledge he has to offer. Specifically, when I reached out to him for some advise on creating GitLab templates and triggers, Keval was quick to understand my obstacles and guided me to think through a better implementation together. We were able to address the gap in question, and I also took away something new to learn.
Keval's ability to dive deep and solve problems, not only in the "get things done" way, but also the "get things done quick and automated" way is definitely a top mentality and approach I aim to follow in my tasks too - I have been able to apply some of his tips and tricks in my latest developments and I hope to work with him again.
Uditi
TP Migration Project
Your technical expertise, independence, and curiosity have had a positive impact on our projects, particularly the TP migration. To further enhance your contributions, I encourage you to focus on maintaining steadiness and actively seeking collaboration with team members. This will help build stronger relationships and improve the overall quality of our work. Keep up the great work!
Positive Impact: Your ability to work independently and deliver CI/CD pipelines significantly advanced the TP migration project, ensuring timely and efficient implementation. Your strong GitLab skills contributed to smoother project management and version control. Your quick learning and curiosity fostered innovation and continuous improvement within the team. Impact of Areas for Improvement: Not seeking help or collaborating on decisions led to a few avoidable errors and missed opportunities for team synergy and collective problem-solving.
Simon
Lowden Digital Wallet (Phase 1)
It was a pleasure to work with Keval on the Lowden project, technically he delivered all tasks assigned to him, predominantly back end. He worked well with the client and 3rd party blockchain provider and in both instances managed those technical based relationships well. I think overall he has good communication skills, he just needs to ensure that he tailors his responses during these conversations to suit the audience, whether client, 3rd party or the internal team. As he continues to develop his technical and relational skills I could see him playing a more central role within future projects. From a delivery aspect I would like to see an improved use of Jira, specifically the structure and content of his stories, I think 5 minute prep before the daily stand up each day to prepare would go a long way and finally if possible always default to a can do attitude initially until it clear it can’t, its amazing the difference that approach can make. He was key part of a small team that delivered an application with unfamiliar technologies, an ever evolving product and some challenging stakeholders and they delivered it on time and to a high standard, this couldn’t have been achieved without Keval's hard work and support of the wider team.
From a delivery stand point, Keval played a key role in the team that delivered an application, utilising new technologies, with continually changing requirements on time and to a high standard.
Gavin
On the Loweconex project (one of Kevals first project in Storm), I was impressed with how he threw himself into leading some of the discussions with the clients. Project was too short for me to reflect on the technical aspect.
It took some of the workload from me, and let me focus on the Istio implementation.
As a consultancy, it is important to look confident when you speak with clients, so this reflects well on the company.
Georgi
Working with Keval on Lowden Phase 1
I would like to commend Keval on his outstanding contributions to the first phase of Lowden. He has consistently demonstrated both exceptional soft and technical skills. In terms of soft skills, I was particularly impressed by his confidence during client meetings. Keval always chimed in at the perfect moments, whether it was to highlight the feasibility of what was being discussed or to propose a more efficient approach to achieving the goals. His ability to build a strong relationship with Phil, the technical contact on Lowden’s side, significantly streamlined communication and allowed our team to address questions effectively. This good relationship also enabled Keval to showcase his technical prowess by building a data pipeline between AWS and Lowden’s on-prem systems early in the project. Although this work did not ultimately become part of the final solution due to external factors involving Ubloquity, it does not diminish the quality and innovation of Keval’s efforts. In fact, I admire Keval for how he handled the situation; he graciously offered his code and time to assist Ubloquity after they took over that segment of the project. Working with Keval has been a pleasure, and I am looking forward to a successful Phase 2 of the Lowden project with him on the team.
Keval’s contribution was vital to the success of Lowden’s first phase. His good work on the data pipeline allowed the frontend of the application to progress through the uncertainties of the early stages.
Michal
At the start of the Lowden project, Keval ran me through the entire setup for app development and spent about 2 hours doing so with me.
He was very patient with me, since this was my first exposure to Amplify and app development and he explained everything very thoroughly with a lot of detail. His level of understanding of underlying technologies and very good presentation and teaching skills helped me understand the entire setup easier than I expected.
The impact was that I was able to contribute to the project more and have at least a surface level understanding of the app development cycle. Without his dedicating his own time to help me, I would have to spend much more time to try to figure out everything myself, which would be quite a struggle for me.
Meply Objectives
-	Hashicorp Terraform Associate Certificate
People Manager Summary

